BUGS
Audio not firing ended event for ogg file
Delay when navigating to page with lots of stuff (home > events) - when is this noticeable on desktop? on mobile? find safe value, load that many on route change, then load the rest
If you don't open events, it doesn't fetch data


NOTES
event details.important and alerts decoration happens only on initial load, so changing filters doesn't affect it
temporarily checking in dist files to get around linux build issues


THIS RELEASE
[ ] SPC outlooks should be marked important


NEXT EPIC
goes16 plugin


INFRASTRUCTURE
Setup cert renewal
yarn cant install on linux - fix issue with fsevents? check in dist files?
npm install chokes on webpack-dev-server extract on linux
how to send state and any errors back to me?


BACKLOG
FEATURE: reset to default config
BUG: always show weather images on home screen side by side
show filtered count and timestamp for new events if all events are filterd
hook up home active data
make full li clickable in nav menu
BUG: Where should I do the alert logic? It's currently checked in iemHelper, but feels like it should be in iyaMiddleware. Then we might have cyclic deps, though.
some sort of getter/setter for my config objects to make it easier and provide built in null handling
some sort of touch feedback for config controls
BUG: touching controls is laggy - do I need react-tap-plugin for fast clicking? fastclick?
clean up iemHelper
early barf if key features not supported: geolocation/localStorage (anything else?)
show filter changes in events list and on startup
test alert scenarios and sounds that are emitted
assess hide continues/expires messages
add home config
handle flood of LSR and continue/expires
add snackbar for messages - assess where it should be used (try/catch is good first run)
add up arrow for when you're scrolled down in a list
add new notification for when you're scrolled down in a list
show network break in events lines
add reset for network stats
better looking select controls
display event source in iframe off to side in desktop mode
get text API feed for current weather to use on home page
user-config voices
process audio/speech when tab not active?

BACKLOG PLUGINS
SPC Mesoanalysis
CIMSS


BEST PRACTICES
add unit test coverage tracking
hit 100% test coverage
remove scheduling from middleware, put in app lifecycle
remove as many instances of 'any' type as possible
incorporate immutable (or ramda)
vendor vs sware code bundles - its small enough for now (150kb) that this isn't really needed
need favicon
getting messy passing props from app -> chrome -> whatever
implement error handling strategy
no empty catches
use pure functions over react classes when possible - assess all components
split up large ducks
manually check to see if all variables/imports are used
really think about how data should flow through the whole app, including iya processing
absolute before relative imports
